-
action: Бастау
icon: englishteacher_icons/intro.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherIntroKAZ.py

-
action: Еуразия
icon: englishteacher_icons/q1.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ1KAZ.py

-
action: Мұхит
icon: englishteacher_icons/q2.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ2KAZ.py

-
action: Мемлекет
icon: englishteacher_icons/q3.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ3KAZ.py

-
action: Астана
icon: englishteacher_icons/q4.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ4KAZ.py

-
action: Африка
icon: englishteacher_icons/q5.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ5KAZ.py

-
action: Тынық мұхиты
icon: englishteacher_icons/q6.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ6KAZ.py

-
action: Сахара шөлі
icon: englishteacher_icons/q7.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ7KAZ.py

-
action: Антарктика
icon: englishteacher_icons/q8.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ8KAZ.py

-
action: Континеттер
icon: englishteacher_icons/q9.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ9KAZ.py

-
action: Эверест 
icon: englishteacher_icons/q10.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ10KAZ.py

-
action: Ніл өзені
icon: englishteacher_icons/q11.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ11KAZ.py

-
action: Египт
icon: englishteacher_icons/q12.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ12KAZ.py

-
action: Ресей
icon: englishteacher_icons/q13.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ13KAZ.py

-
action: Аустралия
icon: englishteacher_icons/q14.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ14KAZ.py

-
action: Глобуспен тапсырма
icon: englishteacher_icons/q15.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/EngTeacherQ15KAZ.py

-
action: Мақтау
icon: englishteacher_icons/support.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/Praise.py

-
action: Сау бол
icon: englishteacher_icons/outro.webp
file: englishteacher_scripts/OutroKAZ.py





